# SHOOT EM' UP VIDEO GAME

My project is the culmination of all of what we learned throughout our semester into a space-themed game which starts off with you choosing your level (Wavy or Straight) and your choice of Music. Depending on what level you chose, your gameplay will be different. In both cases, obstacles are randomly generated offscreen and will gradually make its way down to the bottom of the screen. Your goal is to dodge the many obstacles that you face as well as collect energy blocks to sustain your health bar and missile power-ups to shoot any asteroids in your way. In Straight, the obstacles will fall in a straight motion at different speeds and will increase in speed in accordance to your score. In Wavy, the obstacles will move in a wave like motion, which force you to constantly be moving up, down, and sideways to minimalize contact with the obstacles. The game will continue infinitely until you lose and once that happens you’ll be directed to the Game Over Screen and high score, which will display your high score if you had beaten any of the previous ones.

Why was it created? 

This game was created to test all the skills and knowledge if learned throughout the semester in a practical sense. The reason why this game was created was not only to test us, but to put us in a position where we would have to bend our knowledge and skills in coding to be able to create methods and functions that work together to form a game.
The reason why I created this type of game was because I knew it would be challenging to make and would truly be a test of what I learned so far.  
